= FoodsoftAdyen

This project adds support for Adyen payments to Foodsoft.

* Make sure the gem is uncommented in foodsoft's `Gemfile`
* Enter your Adyen account details in `config/environments/production.rb` (or `development.rb`)
* When using the signup plugin, add `payments/adyen_notifications` to `unapproved_allow_access` in `config/app_config.yml`


== Adyen configuration

The Adyen notifications API is used to credit accounts. That means that you
need to enable notifications the Adyen customer area:

* Log into https://ca-live.adyen.com/
* Choose your merchant account
* Go to `Settings` then `Notifications`
* Enter the following settings:
  * URL: `https://your.foodsoft.host/path/f/payments/adyen/notify`
  * Active: `yes`
  * Method: `HTTP POST (parameters)`
  * Populate SOAP header: `no`
* In `Authentication`, specify the user and password you set earlier in
  your environment configuration in `config.foodsoft_adyen.notify_username` and
  `config.foodsoft_adyen.notify_password`. It anyone knows these, they can
  credit accounts, so do make sure to use a long password that's impossible to
  remember.
* Press `Save Settings`

Now use the option to test a notification (below in the same Adyen CA screen).
Check your rails log file to see if the notification was received properly.


== PIN payment flow

PIN payments are done using the mobile Adyen app. At the time of writing, this is
somewhat new, and the app may not be fully stabilised yet; but it should be usable.

The flow is like this:

1. In `/f/payments/adyen/pin`, an ordergroup is selected.
2. This redirects to the Adyen app on the mobile platform. The query string in the
     redirect is used to pass amount and description.
3. The Adyen app processes the payment.
4. The Adyen app redirects to the foodsoft callback page, with a `result` parameter
     indicating success or failure.
5. The foodsoft user-interface shows whether it succeeded or not. No financial
     transaction is added, however, since that is taken care of by the
     Adyen HTTP POST notification. This also makes sure that no url tampering
     on the browser can be used to credit accounts without real payments.
6. Shortly after, that might take a couple of minutes, Adyen will call the
     notification URL, where the user's account can be updated.

